add docs for cloudwatch logs (#1226)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/logs/index.md

{{< command >}}
$ awslocal logs filter-log-events --log-group-name test-filter --filter-pattern "foo"
{{< / command >}}

## Resource Browser

> The LocalStack Web Application provides a Resource Browser for managing QLDB ledgers. You can access the Resource Browser by opening the LocalStack Web Application in your browser, navigating to the **Resources** section, and then clicking on **CloudWatch Logs** under the **Management/Governance** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LocalStack Web Application provides a Resource Browser for exploring CloudWatch Logs. You can access the Resource Browser by opening the LocalStack Web Application in your browser, navigating to the **Resources** section, and then clicking on **CloudWatch Logs** under the **Management/Governance** section.
```
